I have to show a house today.
- I’ll see you guys
at Luke’s football game.
- I’m too tired to go.
I have a midterm tomorrow,
which I’ll probably fail,
and I was up really late
studying.
She was.
I was up really late
doing this.
Don’t even bother coming.
I’m quitting today.
I’m sick of this guy on the team
always making fun of me.
He’s just jealous ’cause
you’re the one who puts points
on the board.
- Why? Because you run
the scoreboard.
- [ All ] Run the scoreboard.
- I’m out too.
- But all your classmates
will be there.
We ignore each other all week.
It’s nice to have a little break
on the weekends.
Geez, I’ve never seen
such a bunch of no-getters.
Coined it!
Remember, keep
a positive attitude,
and good things will happen.
Two things I bring
to every open house–
my lucky pen and a smile.
I haven’t sold a house
all month. Do you see me
saying, "I’m done"?
Never. Because there is
no "done" in "Dunphy."
- I’ll see you guys at the game.
- Umph!
Hey, there is no "umph"
in "Dunphy." Different spelling.
Cam!
Yes, Phil, I remember
your special play,
but I think the triple gull-wing
is a little tricky to run...
at such an important
sporting match.
Cam has a number
of delightful superstitions
during the football season.
Well, they’re not superstitions
when they work.
That seems science-y.
Not sorry that today is
the last... G-A-M-E.
Well, thank you,
but good coaches
don’t need luck.
We make luck.
See you
at the athletic endeavor.
I’m gonna call Gloria and see
if she can pick up Lily too.
You know, just in case–
What, you procrastinate again
and not tell Charlie
you’re quitting?
No, no.
I’m gonna do it.
I just– I’m picturing his face
when I tell him,
shaking his head
in disappointment.
- It’s hard.
- Hey, just do it!
No.
I don’t know why you’re making
yourself so crazy over this.
You’re right. You’re right.
I do not want to be crazy.
I’ll see you at the game.
- Hey, Gloria.
- Yes, Mitch.
I will pick her up.
Thank you so much.
All right. Bye, Lily.
Good luck with
the whole Patrick situation.
Dad, you’re embarrassing me.
[ Chuckles ]
Welcome to the rest
of your life, sweetheart.
So, Lily, tell me more
about this Patrick.
He likes the swings,
he sits by the flag
and he can count to a hundred.
[ Gasps ]
He sounds like
the whole package.
- Then what is the problem?
- He doesn’t notice me.
So then make him notice you.
You don’t want to wake up
one morning...
as a lonely nine-year-old
wondering where all
the time went.
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
[ Beeps ]
Hey, Mom.
If you’re at the store later,
could you pick up some ice?
- I’m gonna need it
for after the game.
- My little athlete.
I want to try out
the gelato maker
I traded my bike for.
Lures me in every time.
Oh, okay. Bye.
Dad, you can just drop me
at the next light.
I can walk from there,
and I gotta call Phil anyway.
You did the same thing
yesterday.
What’s going on with you?
- You smoking again?
- No! No.
I just– I don’t want to put
a spotlight on the fact that
I’m the boss’s daughter.
It makes people resent me.
This is good.
Thanks, Dad.
Yeah.
Bye.
I can see that bothers you.
Well, yeah. Your own kid
embarrassed to be seen with you.
You know, I mean–
You spend
your whole life–
Oh, here’s fine.
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
[ Exhales ]
Last month,
a law school classmate...
offered me a job
at his legal aid society,
and I just knew
I had to take it.
And I explained that...
in a letter that I was going
to sneak onto Charlie’s desk.
Oh, good.
It’s you.
Hey!
Did you sleep here?
[ Sniffles, Clears Throat ]
My girlfriend dumped me,
uh, in an e-mail.
Couldn’t even do it
face-to-face.
- Pretty gutless, huh?
- Oh, you should go home,
get some rest.
Can’t go back there.
It would be too hard.
Mmm. Too many memories?
No, we were living on my boat.
I don’t know where she took it.
- Enough of my whining.
What do you need?
- Oh, well, I just–
I just came by to say hi.
Hi. And also, mmm,
to tell you in a very gutful
fashion, face-to-face,
about something that I have
been thinking about.
But I do think that, um,
I am going to have to leave
about five minutes early today.
Uh, Cam is– is coaching
a high school football game.
- I’m in.
- What?
Certainly not gonna be able
to focus on any of this today.
Yeah, I need a shot
of marching bands,
fresh-cut grass,
rosy-cheeked kids.
Hey!
- Do they still run
through a banner?
- They do!
I love that.
Okay, so the game’s at what,
like, 4:00?
We should probably– Hey!
Give me that.
- [ Sighs ]
I’m–
- This is my private cell.
Only three people
in the whole world use this.
Ooh.
Two people.
Uh, Claire,
is there a reason...
you didn’t sign
this shipping form?
Oh, no. Sorry.
I’ll do it now.
Oh, no, no.
Now’s a little late.
See, they came in this morning,
and they can’t do a thing
without a manager’s signature.
So now I got
a hundred rosewood panels
lined up in the warehouse.
So in the future,
I’d appreciate it–
Hey, hey, Tim.
I think you made your point.
It was an honest mistake,
all right?
Dad–
I’m just saying that is
what a warehouse is for–
to hold things.
Not the end of the world.
Right. Of course. Sorry.
No, I’m sorry.
It’s my fault.
Bye, Tim. Bye!
Dad! This is exactly
what I was talking about
in the car this morning.
I want them to see me
like a coworker,
not somebody who’s getting
special treatment ’cause
she’s the boss’s daughter.
Is it possible you’re being
a little oversensitive here?
No, I’m not. I’m being–
Wow, here? Really?
You know, you gave me this.
Look how adorable you were.
Okay, okay, okay.
I want you to try really hard
to hear what I’m saying.
When I need your help,
I will ask for it.
And until then, just butt out.
What happened to you?
Hey, Miller, your toes
are looking a little lonely.
Why don’t you pay ’em a visit?
What’s with the extra
warm-ups, Coach?
These guys haven’t won all year.
Did you hear that, team?
Miller just bought you
a little present.
I wasn’t complaining.
I was just wondering–
[ Blows Whistle ]
Take a lap!
Burt LeVoisier, Red Stagg,
Duckie Pond–
All coaching legends
at this high school,
and none have won more than
two games their first season.
I win today, that makes three,
making me the winningest
first-year freshman coach ever.
Oh, hey, Luke. Reuben’s sick,
so I’m gonna need you
to be the announcer today.
How am I supposed to keep score
and announce at the same time?
Same way you’re
a spaz and a dork
at the same time, spork.
Okay, lose the attitude,
but keep that intensity.
[ Cameron ] Uh, excuse me,
ref. What’s with all
the black armbands?
Their coach passed away
last night.
He’d been sick for a while.
That’s terrible.
And we’re still playing?
Well, they’re tough kids.
Roger Knight lived
for high school football,
so they’re playing this one
in his honor.
Okay. Hey, guys.
Guys, guys, guys.
Tragic news about Coach Knight.
But you know what?
We need to focus up.
Plenty of time to pay our
respects, but there will be no
mourning Knight this afternoon.
Lot of character over there.
Yep.
Those kids haven’t won a game
all year.
Uh-huh.
And now to have to play
on his birthday–
Okay, see you
at the coin toss.
[ Slaps Buttocks ]
Top of the morning!
[ Clears Throat ]
[ Phil ]
Real estate–
and to a lesser extent, life–
is all about perseverance.
Things go wrong.
Keys get lost,
deals fall through,
keys get misplaced.
[ Stammers ]
Lot of it
has to do with keys.
But that’s when you find out
there are two types of people–
those who waste time
staring at a closed door...
and those who find a window.
I’m looking at my first month
ever without a sale.
Some people might give up.
But those people
aren’t Phil Dunphy.
No!
It’s like I tell my kids–
keep a positive attitude,
and things will fall your way.
As my favorite redhead
once sang,
the sun will come out tomorrow.
[ Door Slams ]
[ Exhales ]
That redhead, of course,
was Mitchell,
introducing me
to the plucky Orphan Annie,
whose never-say-die attitude
pulled this country out
of a little thing called...
the Great Depression.
And anything a little girl
can do, I can try to do too.
Hey!
♪♪ [ Playing Notes ]
[ Doorbell Rings ]
[ Breathing Heavily ]
Hey, guys,
welcome back.
Drink it in.
Wow!
[ Laughs ]
Pretty great, huh?
Oh, am I glad you guys could see
this during the daytime.
I really think it shows better
like that.
So? Should we just cut
to the chase
and pay me my commission?
I’m kidding.
You don’t pay me directly.
There is no fee in Dun– Phil.
- Listen, Phil, we’ve got
some great news.
- I love it!
Where’s my lucky pen?
We wanted to tell you this
in person.
We just came
from the doctor–
I’m pregnant!
Oh, my God!
You guys!
Except we decided to put off
buying the house
until after the baby’s born.
- Sure.
- We’ve been trying
for, like, six years.
- Sure.
- For a while it seemed like
the universe was against us.
That’s ridiculous.
Why would the universe
be against one person?
Here, have
a spirit sticker!
Don’t be the only
student without one.
[ Chuckles ]
I actually go to this school.
Wow, you really are
invisible, huh?
I could not be
more fine with it.
You’re like that guy
from that movie who wishes
he was never born.
It’s a Wonderful Life.
You say that,
but do you mean it?
Beautiful day here
at Red Stagg Field.
Kicking off for the home team
is number 44, Jason Miller,
who also plays lacrosse,
soccer...
and all the girl parts
when he and his friends act out
High School Musical–
quite possibly the only
girl parts he’ll ever see.
[ Crowd Groans ]
[ Laughs ]
- Haley.
- Hey, Dylan.
I didn’t realize
you were coming here.
Are you kidding?
This place was like
a home to me.
It’s like I was
homeschooled.
But I wasn’t.
I was school-schooled.
Were you?
I got six kinds of pills
in my pocket, but this here–
all this–
this is the best medicine.
Aw. I’m glad
you’re feeling better.
So, Charlie–
[ Air Horn Blows ]
- I’m here to get Lily.
- Oh, before I call her,
we had a small issue today.
One of the boys, Patrick,
said Lily pushed him down
and tried to kiss him.
No, that doesn’t sound
like Lily.
She was probably imitating
something she saw on TV
or in her family–
No, it was the TV, yes.
Oh, but here she is.
She’s always so sweet.
Bye, Patrick!
[ Gloria ] You see?
They’re just friends.
[ Giggles ]
What are you
laughing at, Evan?
You’re next.
Okay, I’m going to talk to her
for a little bit.
Oh, did I ever tell you
that I put your name up here?
Huh.
"Haley Dunphy Dome."
Aww, you named
our special spot?
Actually, it was supposed to be
"Haley Dunphy Do Me."
I’m bad with spacing.
Oh, you’re not so bad.
[ Luke ]
And that’s halftime–
Panthers 6, Dolphins 0.
That zero score by Jason Miller,
who proudly prances
off the field.
Just let me go up there
and kick that kid’s butt.
Knock it off, Miller.
I need your leg.
Take a knee.
Now I don’t know what tuna net
you Dolphins swam into, but you
are drowning out there.
Coach, would it really be
such a bad thing if we lost?
- Beg your pardon?
- Look at them, Coach.
Haven’t they lost enough
already?
Maybe giving them a win
would, in a way,
be a victory for us too.
You know what mattered
most to Coach Knight?
His work
with special-needs kids?
Okay, he took one kid
to one beach one time.
Football!
Football is what mattered
the most!
He lived for competition!
He believed in sportsmanship,
integrity! Okay?
Now the way I see it,
we can roll over...
and give them an empty,
meaningless victory
that he would hate.
Or we can go out there,
leave it all on the field,
and be a team
he would be proud to lose to.
Now is this an "I" activity
or a "we" activity?
[ All ]
We!
What?
[ Louder ]
We!
What?
[ Louder ]
We! We! We! We! We!
That’s right!
Now you sound like Dolphins!
Hey, Tim.
I have the next three days
of delivery slips
for you here signed, huh?
Thanks, Claire.
Yeah.
Signed those up good, huh?
Yep. Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Thanks.
So, this is–
This is the, uh,
the Regency birch?
Beautiful model.
Gorgeous.
You guys do such good work
down here.
Mm-hmm.
Really, you– you mind
if I take her for a spin...
before she goes up
to the showroom?
- You’re the boss.
- I’m his daughter.
Yeah, that’s what
you want to say.
Oh, okay. So– So no mirror
when they’re shipping,
which makes sense.
[ Latch Clicks ]
Also have, uh, no handles.
Hey. Hey, Tim?
[ Banging ]
Hey, Tim?
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
Tim!
Oh, God.
Yeah, hi, Dad.
Hey, coworker.
Just seeing when you want
to leave for the game.
- We’re late already.
- Soon, soon.
I’m– I’m just–
I’m finishing up
a little paperwork in my office.
Okay. Let me know
if you need any help.
No, I do not need your help,
and as I believe I mentioned,
I would appreciate it
if you were not constantly
looking over my shoulder.
Come on. Give me some credit.
That’s the last thing
I would do.
Dad, you seem to forget
that I raised three children,
and I had a career before this.
I have done plenty of stuff
that does not– Oh!
[ Rumbling ]
Do you hear that?
Sounds like it’s coming
from the warehouse.
Yeah, what even is that?
Oh, I’m sure it’s nothing.
Uh, one piece of advice–
take it or leave it.
[ Clattering ]
What?
The latch is under the panel
on the right.
[ Slurping ]
I got you mustard
and sauerkraut–
just what you like.
You’re being awfully nice,
considering I started
that whole closet-nado.
Well, you’re still my daughter.
It’s okay I call you that here,
right?
Yeah.
Listen, it’s hard for me to
treat you like everybody else.
You’re the only one
I carried home in my arms.
Except Dontrell
at last year’s Christmas party.
I pretty much poured him
through his sunroof.
[ Laughs ]
But I’ll try.
Thanks, Dad.
You got plans this weekend?
No, not really.
Why?
Good.
Be at the warehouse
8:00 tomorrow.
Wear something
you don’t care about.
- Hey, guys.
- Hi, honey.
What’d I miss?
Nothing good.
We’re down by six
with three minutes to play.
Well, they can still
turn it around.
Show’s not over
till the fat– Mama!
Ooh! Sensational punt by Miller,
who hasn’t kicked that high
since he broke
the gender barrier...
and joined our own
modern dance troupe.
Are you okay, honey?
Yeah! It’s all about keeping
an attitive positude.
Positude attitive.
[ Laughs ]
Hey, we should see
a midnight movie tonight,
like old times.
Oh, my God.
I am so in.
Cool, cool. I’ll come by
your house around 11:30
with the ladder?
I don’t need to climb out
of my window anymore, Dylan.
Oh. Ooh.
Can we do it earlier?
I have a midterm tomorrow.
Oh, I can’t do earlier.
I have got to meet up with some
classmates from nursing school.
You’re gonna be a nurse?
Yeah. Yeah, I figured
it was a natural next step.
I’ve always healed people
with my music,
and now I’m just doing
the same thing with drugs.
Oh. Well, another time then.
Yeah.
Hey, if everything goes well,
maybe one day I’ll see you
in the hospital.
I’d like that.
So I finally get out
of the closet, and there’s Dad
looking down at me.
[ Sighs ]
Been there.
The whole daddy thing though–
it’s really one of
your bigger issues.
At least my daddy issues
are with my actual daddy.
I don’t run around making
every authority figure I meet
into a father.
Wait. Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Wh-What’s that
supposed to mean?
Mitchell, come on.
Why have you not quit
your job yet?
His girlfriend
just broke up with him.
What was your excuse
last week?
I had a cold.
And the week before?
I felt a cold coming on.
Mitchell.
This fell out
of your jacket.
Care to explain?
I was holding it for a friend.
Wow.
You want to quit?
Charlie, you’re–
you’re a great boss,
but I got
this other offer, and I just
really miss the courtroom.
Well, I’m not gonna lie to you.
You’re really letting me down.
- Oh.
- I just expected
so much more out of you.
- Oh.
- You were my favorite.
Oh, God. Um–
Well, maybe I could–
I could still do things
on the weekends.
- Wow!
- No, no! Charlie, I’m–
I’m sorry.
I– I’m done.
You know what?
I don’t blame you.
I have to get back
on solid ground.
Oh, we both do.
Well, I do more.
My house is a boat.
You made me in trouble.
I didn’t tell you
to sit on a boy
until he liked you.
Yes-huh.
Nuh-huh.
We’re not doing this again.
[ Whistle Blows ]
Home team calls time-out.
Twelve seconds left,
they’re down by six,
and unable to shake
the Miller curse.
That’s it!
Okay, boys, final play.
Time for a little trickery.
Oh, honey, what happened
to you today?
A cosmic pummeling.
I lost the deal.
If I don’t close
on one tomorrow,
it’s gonna be
my first month ever
with no sale.
Actually, there is no 31st
this month.
What are you talking about?
Tomorrow’s the first.
Honey, I’m sorry.
Are you okay?
No, I’m not okay.
I just found out there’s
literally no tomorrow!
You know how I always say
if you wait long enough,
your luck will change?
Turns out that’s just
a big pile of–
[ Luke ]
Hold on to your hats, folks.
Are they–
They are!
It’s the triple gull-wing!
That’s my play.
Woodson fakes right.
He fakes right again.
He fakes faking right,
and he scores!
[ Cheering ]
They scored on my play!
Touchdown!
Mitchell says
you can sell me a house.
- Yes, I can.
- Good call, Phil.
Was that your play?
- Yes, it was.
- You’re being
too rough, Lily.
You cannot just
see a guy and, mwah,
kiss him like that, okay?
Yes, you can.
Okay! Okay! Miller’s out.
Manny, you’re my backup kicker.
I need you to go and nail this.
Although if I miss it,
wouldn’t a tie be
a perfect way to–
Manny, enough!
You are not gonna take away
my victory!
I mean–
I mean, your victory.
Okay?
Manny, I’m sorry.
I should not have yelled at you.
You can go out there
and do whatever feels right.
Okay? I support you
no matter what.
Pro set!
Hut, hike!
[ Cheering ]
I won! I won!
I mean, we won!
We won. We won!
[ Laughing, Grunts ]
Sorry, ma’am.
Ma’am? I sit next to you
in English.
Hey, I think
I dropped my phone
under the bleachers.
Come get it with me?
Found it.
Great, and world order
is restored.
Can we go home now?
Yeah. Okay.
Oh, hey, what’s that?
"Alex Dunphy Dome"?
Uh, I think it says,
"Alex Dunphy Do Me."
Ugh, who would write
something like that?
No idea.
Hey, you want me
to scratch it out?
No! I mean, too late now.
It’s out there,
it’s out there.
Hey, champ. Aren’t you gonna
go celebrate with your team?
Yeah, in a minute.
- You meant to miss the kick,
didn’t you?
- I blew it.
I could miss that kick
nine out of 10 times.
Why couldn’t I miss it
when it counted?
[ Sighs ]
Let me ask you something.
The ball sails
through the uprights,
your team carries you
off the field.
How does that feel?
Come on.
Good.
It’s fun being part of a team,
and it’s really fun
being a hero.
So I think you made that kick
on purpose.
And listen.
I don’t think you’re willing
to admit it yet,
but somewhere underneath
all that humanity,
there’s a competitor.
Sorry.
There’s a competitor.
And, Manny,
there’s nothing wrong with that.
Nothing.
Thanks, Coach.
You want to go eat some pizza?
Sure.
Me too.
[ Exhales Sharply ]
Hey, you think someday
they might name this field
after you?
Well, you’re not
the first person
to think along those lines.
Earlier today, someone
in the faculty bathroom...
was messing around
with the phrase,
"Cameron Tucker Dome."
Just sold the most expensive
house in town, sight unseen,
all cash.
How ’bout that?
I’m proud of you, Dad.
Pretty great day
for all the Dunphys.
And then I said, "Michelle,
do you honestly believe
every stupid rumor you hear?"
Oh, you haven’t heard?
Well, apparently,
one of my exes is just, like–
Tim, I-I am so sorry
that you got hurt,
and I will get to the bottom
of it, but I suspect it was
sabotage by the competition.
Maybe Closets, Closets,
Closets, Closets.
Not too bad. A little puffy.
Kind of like your eyes were
when you saw Finding Nemo,
Miller.
[ Cackles ]
Like I said– positive attitude.